Name: Chris Ragan
Email: cragan@clemson.edu
Date: 7/30/2014

Proj No: 7, Final Deliverable 

Description:

A functional prototype of Recipe Roundup.

Implemented functionality:

1. A basic framework for the recipe database (subject to revision)

2. A query algorithm to return a list of recipes that can be made with entered ingredients

3. A method of selecting ingredients from a list of all ingredients. The list of all ingredients is generated from the recipe DB itself.

4. Multiple-mode recipe browsing. A checkbox allows the user to browse all recipes in the database regardless of onhand ingredients.

5. Persistence! The onhand list will be imported at load and exported when the program is exited normally. There is also an option to save changes without exiting.

Not yet working:

1. A reasonable method for recipe entry. The current DB was built by hand.

2. The "About" dialog. Wasn't a priority.

3. The search entry below the recipe list.

Features to implement in the future (in no particular order):

1. Onhand dialog resizing: The current dialog is dinky and a bit clumsy to navigate; this will only get worse as the list of ingredients grows.

1a. Maybe a search function for this dialog as well - speed up the process of ingredient selection?

2. A new query algorithm: Return the full DB, sorted by the % of ingredients matched. Also modify the recipe display so that the required ingredients (i.e. ones the user doesn't have) are highlighted in some way.

3. A print function?: Wouldn't it be nice to print a recipe so you can take it to the kitchen? I think so. Alternatively, email to a user-defined address so they can pull it up on their smartphone/tablet in the kitchen.

4. Shopping list generation: An extension of #2, the user could select a few recipes they'd like to make for the week, and any ingredients they don't have could show up in a (printable?!) list

5. Caloric info: If I can get average caloric values for each ingredient, I should be able to get the total calories in a meal. Divide that by serving size, and you've got basic caloric info! Maybe go further with protein/fat/carb content... but let's be real, that's going to be a ton of work without automating the process somehow.

6. Recipe scaling: A recipe for 4 pancakes, but you're feeding a family of 8? Toss in a multiplier and have the program do the math for you!
